Update ldap.md: add a link to ldap.go (#11409)
Minio-io/minio: docs/sts/ldap.md

$ export MINIO_IDENTITY_LDAP_GROUP_NAME_ATTRIBUTE='cn'
$ minio server ~/test
```

> You can make sure it works appropriately using our [Golang example program](ldap.go):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make sure it works appropriately using our [example program](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/minio/minio/master/docs/sts/ldap.go):
```
